Add an overview of test serialization to the XCTest migration guide (#960)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Sources/Testing/Testing.docc/MigratingFromXCTest.md

  }
}

### Run tests sequentially

By default, the testing library runs all tests in a suite in parallel. The
default behavior of XCTest is to run each test in a suite sequentially. If your
tests use shared state such as global variables, you may see unexpected
behavior including unreliable test outcomes when you run tests in parallel.

Annotate your test suite with ``Trait/serialized`` to run tests within that
suite serially:

@Row {
  @Column {
    ```swift
    // Before

>     class RefrigeratorTests : XCTestCase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    class RefrigeratorTests : XCTestCase {
```

      func testLightComesOn() throws {
        try FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.openDoor()

>         XCTAssertEqual(FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.lightState == .on)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        XCTAssertEqual(FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.lightState, .on)
```

(Same comment in the XCTest below as well)

  }
}

### Run tests sequentially

By default, the testing library runs all tests in a suite in parallel. The

> default behavior of XCTest is to run each test in a suite sequentially. If your tests use

Reviewer: Nitpick: line length

> shared state, for example, global variables, you may see expected behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shared state such as global variables, you may see expected behavior
```

including unreliable test outcomes when you run tests in parallel.

Annotate your test suite with ``Trait/serialized`` to run tests within that
suite serially:

@Row {
  @Column {
    ```swift
    // Before
    class RefrigeratorTests : XCTestCase

>       func testLightComesOn() async {

Reviewer: These functions are all marked `async`, but none of them uses `await` and all of them use `try`. Did you mean to mark them `throws` instead?

Author: Actually I just followed the existing examples in this article, for example the one in "Annotate known issues" that starts at line 574. Should we take a look at all of the examples in this article and decide what their signatures should be?

        try FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.openDoor()
        XCTAssertEqual(FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.lightState == .on)
      }
      
      func testLightGoesOut() async {
        try FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.openDoor()
        try FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.closeDoor()
        XCTAssertEqual(FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.lightState == .off)
      }
    }
    ```
  }
  @Column {
    ```swift
    // After
    @Suite(.serialized)
    class RefrigeratorTests {

>       @Test

Reviewer: Please put `@Test` and `func` on the same line (it makes the side-by-side view clearer.)

      func lightComesOn() async {
        try FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.openDoor()
        #expect(FoodTruck.shared.refrigerator.lightState == .on)
      }
      

>       @Test

Reviewer: Please put `@Test` and `func` on the same line here too.
